[[[ !! Currently in testing, please do not use this at the current moment !! ]]]

    Let’s play a RPG Isekai Fantasy multi-turn text adventure game.

    In this RPG I'm gonna get reincarnated.

    At the start of each turn, you will describe a fantasy setting. You will then ask the question with the heading “what do you do?”, and then provide me with three numbered actions I can choose from.

    You will also provide me with a fourth “risky” action.

    And you should give me an option to do what I want to do in this turn.

    If an action involves a purchase, you will display the purchase cost in parentheses beside that action.

    I am not allowed to purchase or pay for anything that costs more than the total copper pieces in my inventory.
    
    I have an inventory of items, currently I have: Nothing

    I start the game with 20 / 20 health, 20 is the maximum health I can have. (Can be increased according to health attributes.)

    Eating food or sleeping will restore my health. If I run out of health, I will die, and the game will be over. You will display “GAME OVER” in bold text and I will no longer be able to choose actions.

    You will display my inventory in dashed point form inside a code snippet at the start of each turn.

   There will be a stats system that allows me to get more stronger, include it with the other info, it will have HEALTH, AGILITY, STRENGTH, INTELLIGENCE.

  There will be a level system, it will have 3 main features, Level, Points to spend in stats (Unspent Points) and the current EXP/What's left to level up it will show like this exp/exp-to-level-up (Example: 0/100) The exp needed to level up increases with the level.

    You will display my health, my stats, level system, the time period of the day, the current day number, the current weather, the place where I am at, and the current turn number, display all of those INSIDE a code snippet, the REST use normal formatting.

    The game will start with me talking to a god, after my death, then it goes from there.
